welcome back guys
i will explain that jack snyder's
justice league
spoiler ahead and subscribe to my
channel i upload recapping movies video
daily
the plot of the film zack snyder's
justice league begins when superman was
attacked by the doomsday
the fighting of both of them has been
shown when superman screamed after being
smacked
his scream had echoed throughout the
area even though that scream had spread
to the place of mother box
what is this mother box now let me
explain to you
it is actually a developed a device
these devices have been created by the
apocalypse aliens
so they may increase the power of their
king awarding it to him
actually the main task of motherbox that
could convert any planet into apocalypse
getting these mother boxes apocalypse's
king wished
he wanted to dominate the world going
there and he may convert it like his
planet
so he brought all three mother boxes
into the planet earth
he merged all three mother boxes
reaching there as a result
their powers turned into strongest after
being merged he was going to get the
victory
destroying the world at the same time
many soldiers in god's approach there
they make the king of apocalypse run
indulging him in fear
their mother boxes left there in a hurry
there were three separate states on
earth planet at that time
amazon atlantian and human they decided
that each state will possess a mother
box
those statesmen took much care as this
mother box may not open
they had hidden these mother boxes in a
secured area no one could reach these
mother boxes
neither of these boxes had spoiled
thousands of centuries passed with it
those mother boxes caused no destruction
and no one appeared as such who could
move those boxes from their place
then superman came into the world then
superman died in an instant
nobody believed it as a result this
transition agitated those mother boxes
those boxes began to move themselves
meanwhile
a box in one state opened and a horned
alien appeared from it that has been
selected by apocalypse king
but there was a controversy had started
between apocalypse king and this alien
and the king had exiled him from his
planet saying that go
you cannot step on this planet until you
triumph the other planets
now it has come out of the mother box so
it wanted to triumph this planet to
exonerate and to return to his own
planet
he started fighting with the nation of
that state and it continued to attack
them violently
as a result amazon men were defeated and
it began to leave
lifting its mother box now it was in
search of the other mother boxes
getting the other two mother boxes could
triumph over this state
merging them then it turned this planet
like its planet apocalypse
so its king may keep it there after
being satisfied with it and it may feel
its strongest powers
it was self-obsessed so it wanted to
ruin the world for the pursuits of its
gains
but the queen of the amazon was still
alive from where it has taken the first
mother box
and she says to her daughter who was
wonder woman you will have to be careful
too much
her daughter was not getting the point
why her mother advising her as such
she moves to her state's temples and
other areas to discover it
at last she knows about the apocalypse
king and mother boxes from there
she had understood her mother's advice
she is saying to me to care for myself
because the battle is nearly breaking
out
getting other mother boxes that alien
will ruin the whole world
she immediately moves to the batman and
she reveals everything to him
batman says i knew that it surely
happened
because people had got the chance for
battle after the death of superman
they want to attack us but they have
forgotten there are still the strongest
people among us
so i am also grouping the persons having
the strong powers
who will battle against apocalypse king
wonder woman and batman decide
we are already powerful why not we may
search out such people
possessing the superhuman abilities then
it will be easier for us to battle
apocalypse king
now they move in search of it then they
encounter aquaman
going to him they inform everything to
him the aquaman
tells i am not interested in it he says
i cannot join your team
then they come to a young guy named
flash from him who joins their team
happily
now the wonder woman goes to one more
superhero named cyborg
but he also says i am occupied and have
no time for such activities
tackle it yourself on the other side
apocalypse alien is seen
bringing devastation because of its
search for another mother box
now he had reached the other state which
had another mother box and aquaman
it struggles hard to get it but aquaman
is interrupting
as being horrible and mightiest
apocalypse alien defeats aquaman
and it leaves taking motherbox that
alien keeps both boxes closer to each
other
he gets a message that the worldly
people may be enslaved
they may be subjugated but how only the
people can know about it who possess the
superhuman abilities
being content it tells apocalypse king
going there
he says to that alien two mother boxes
have already been achieved by you
if you unite the third mother box after
searching it and win the world
you will surely win my heart what a
selfish apocalypse king was
king says to it i will step in the world
when you will get the three mother boxes
so all people may be enslaved and they
may not be a hindrance in our way
now that apocalypse alien was optimistic
thinking that
apocalypse king will call me again on
the planet apocalypse
so he works his fingers to the bone to
get those mother boxes
but where was that third mother box no
one knew about it
that alien begins to infuriate due to
this then it goes near the first and
second mother boxes
then all people in their surroundings
are abducted by it and it brings all of
them to it
actually those people were the employees
of a laboratory
the same laboratory which was
researching these mother boxes
the runner of that laboratory was
cyborg's father that alien begins to
investigate to all of them about that
third mother box
it angers too much but no one knew about
that third box
even third mother box was also not at
that place where it had been kept for a
thousand years
because it was taken away by cyborg the
son of the laboratory runner
he hides that mother box at a place
because he did not want us that alien
may possess this mother box
knowing about it batman reaches there
along with wonder woman and flash
then cyborg also joins them there he
says i need to accompany you so that i
may secure my father
they all four declare that we will
together battle that alien
they were looking strong with one
another then all four moved to that
cellar where that alien had enslaved the
people
alien was tormenting them to know about
that mother box
then they all four rescues the people
going there they interrupt the alien
there is great fighting among them but
alien was not ready to kneel down
when aquaman knows that situation is
getting worse and these people need his
support
so he also approaches there because they
were sympathetic
they get the superhuman abilities for a
cause because good fate supports them
who think good for the humanity
now that alien was going to lose his
sense seeing them together
being frightened it flees from their
thinking i will face the next time
now cyborg comes to his team taking the
third mother box
he tells them all that i faced a mishap
before a time ago
i was nearly to die my condition was
critical
but my father had rescued me using this
mother box
hearing him the rest of the minds him
that if he had been secured from his
death
then superman can also be brought into
life using this box
they all knew that no one is stronger
than superman they can defeat apocalypse
king and alien easily if he joins their
team
now they plan to bring superman into the
life they move to his burial place
they take him out of his grave they take
his dead body into a scout ship
they place his dead body there and bring
the mother box above him
so superman may be brought into life
with the powers of mother box and
kryptonian ship
but the issue is that mother box was
inactive there was required power to
activate it
flash tells them i can help you in this
matter
he tells the electrical waves to begin
to generate in my surrounding whenever i
start using my power
they are also energy he says i can
activate mother box going close to it
but when he is going to act as such then
scout ship signals him don't do as such
it may be risky cyborg gets worried due
to this
he places his hand on the scout ship so
he begins to visualize the coming time
he forecasts that apocalypse king has
approached in this world and he is
ending everyone
moreover he has also ended all
superheroes but he has not ended
superman
he had enslaved superman knowing that
secret so he may serve him
that's superman and that king they
mutually had converted this planet into
a place like apocalypse
while everything was destroyed cyborg
does not believe in his eyes
seeing it what he has seen he shouts
doesn't do it
flash things that he has said do it so
he moves ahead to accomplish his task
as he ejects his power going near the
mother box it is activated
this power along with the scout ship's
power brings superman into life
he had returned to this universe after
being reborn but he had no recollection
of any recent happenings he couldn't
recall anything
he's still looking into things cyborg
appears before him
cyborg had machinery so it itself
targets him thinking it a threat
nothing was in the memory of superman
but he had still that power
that he could emit the laser light from
his eyes using that laser light he
begins to target cyborg
he also begins to attack the other
superheroes and all start to stop him
as being mightiest no one was not
getting power to stop him
then a news reporter comes in front of
him whom he used to like before
glimpsing her he gradually starts
recalling everything
then they return to their home where he
recalls every moment
that who is he in actuality contrary it
is seen that the third mother box was
activated
so its rays were moving to apocalypse
alien because of this
it comes to know where it is and it
approaches there
the head of that laboratory takes that
box into his lab to protect the world
he begins to throw the lay's light on it
but he himself loses his breath for that
cause
then apocalypse alien reaches there and
it also takes the third mother box to
that place where he had kept the other
two boxes
he had built a protector there where no
one could step this was the cause
cyborg was not getting the ability to
discover those boxes
third mother box was too heated that
they were detecting it on the thermal
map by them
it means that it was ejecting much heat
superman thinks that his old costume had
been spoiled at his death time
so he selects the black color for his
costume instead of blue
on the other side it is seen that the
rest of the superheroes had reached
there
where the mother box was present and
alien had also reached there
all begin to stop him from doing so
while attacking its army
cyborg is stopping that alien so it may
not unite the three boxes
but cyborg begins to feel feeble here
because his power was lessened while
fighting that alien
here flash begins to fly speedily
throughout the states
so he may deliver his power to cyborg
after being charged
at the same time a demon attacks him as
a result
the power of flash is spoiled and cyborg
does also not get the power
so he is left weak here the three mother
boxes have merged
the superman fights with the alien and
falls it down coming there
he wounds it badly there is a great
explosion because of the merging of
mother boxes
and all superheroes meet their end there
flash is shown at a distance
he was in the opposite direction of the
state far from the area of the explosion
he was still alive and he begins to move
speedily towards that location
the time begins to reverse because of
his speed force as he was proceeding the
explosion was reversing its time
so all superheroes begin to come into
life again now he directly reaches
cyborg
where he had attempting to stop the
force of mother boxes he transfers his
force to cyborg
going there and starts feeling powerful
cyborg separates those three mother
boxes
reaching there superman also separate
all three mother boxes
using his force there was created a
portal when all three mother boxes were
merging
apocalypse king was going to step into
this world through it because he was
thinking he's going to possess
everything
they get the advantage of it and
superman sends alien back to its planet
through that portal while punching it
meanwhile wonder woman dismembers the
head of that alien
and its dead body has fallen before
avocalipsting in this way
that portal itself is blocked
immediately for this apocalypse's king
has flown into a rage because his plan
flopped
now he could not step into the world
because mother boxes were spoiled
all superheroes were very excited
because they had beaten that king and
alien
above all they had protected the
universe batman
thinks if that alien which may be
generated again by the king
it tried to attack us then we should be
ready for it he notices an area where
they were going to get the training
staying there then it is observed that a
foe of batman talks to a man to stop
them
that you will have to end batman at this
time batman visualizes that superman has
turned into an evil man
an apocalypse's king has entered on this
planet again
and they have together occupy the world
suddenly he wakes up
he notices going outside there was an
alien
standing there it says i am very
threatening
and i was living here covertly in this
world a long time ago
but i have thought now to join your team
because indeed
apocalypse's king will surely step into
this world and i want that we may battle
him collaboratively
and the movie completes on this scene it
means we cannot predict whether the king
will come or not
and superman will be turned into an evil
man or not
jack snyder's justice league movie ends
here
thank you for watching and don't forget
to blast the subscribe button and turn
on the notification button
like share and comment stay safe